3.0 Bug Bash Changes (#44)
aerospike/aerospike-graph: upi_demo/README.md

## 2. Bulk Load Data

> To load data into Aerospike Graph in gremlin console, set the graph traversal source:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To load data into Aerospike Graph, set the graph traversal source using [Gremlin Console](https://aerospike.com/docs/graph/quick-start/step/2/part/1/load-data#set-up-gremlin-console):
```
